[Music]
uh
welcome to story flicks in this video we
will discuss a thriller about a widow
who lost her daughter on a flight from
berlin to new york city
but how could a girl disappear at 37 000
feet
let's solve this riddle in the
flightline flightland begins with a
scene where kyle
a young woman who has just lost her
husband kyle still can't believe
that her husband has to leave her and
her only daughter julia
who is only six years old julia
kyle's daughter is a beautiful girl but
is unstable
after she lost her father kyle finally
decided to return to america with his
husband's body
that night in her room kyle was putting
julia to sleep
when she was about to close the window
she could see two men staring at her
room from the opposite apartment
julia who woke up called her but when
kyle looked back at the opposite
apartment the two men were not there
kyle then decided to take some sleeping
pills and fell asleep
the next day kyle and julia are ready to
leave for the airport
but julia was still so scared she even
asked to hide under her mother's coat
when she got into the taxi arrived at
the airport the ambience was so crowded
with many travelers
while watching the flight schedule kyle
suddenly realized that julia wasn't
there
among the people passing by at the
airport she lost her only daughter
luckily her eyes caught sight of julia
in a candy shop alone
kyle who was panicking didn't even
realize she was so angry with julia
who left without telling her while
waiting for the plane
julia was amazed to see the plane's
massive size kyle
explained that the aircraft was an e474
the latest type
no wonder kyle knows a lot about
airplanes because she worked as an
engineer at an aircraft development
company in berlin
julia also asked that she could hold her
boarding pass
and kyle allowed it due to bringing
children
kyle and julia were allowed to board the
plane first
on the plane julia sat by the window
then when the other passengers started
to get on the plane
julia dropped her toy plane so she
crouched down
and picked it up it made some passengers
unaware that julia was there
all passengers started popping up inside
the plane and took their seats
near kyle a guy named carson says there
are a few empty
seats in the back he suggested if kyle
wanted a quieter atmosphere in flight
maybe she could move there carson also
looks like he likes to flirt with one of
the flight attendants
a flight attendant named stephanie
started counting the number of
passengers using a counter
looking out the window julia could see a
car carrying her father's coffin
her mother hugged her tightly trying to
calm her daughter down
julia then blew out the airplane window
with her breath and drew a heart
showing her love for her late father the
plane finally took off
all passengers seemed to enjoy their
journey kyle then offers julia to move
and sit in the empty back seat
so they can relax more unknowingly they
both fell asleep on the way on the plane
kyle who had been asleep for several
hours woke up to find her daughter's
seat empty
she then came forward and checked on
their previous seats but julia wasn't
there either
kyle asked carson if he saw his daughter
unfortunately
carson didn't kyle also thought that her
daughter must be wandering around
looking for new friends
so she decided to look for it but after
checking in the toilet
the lounge even asked the flight
attendant named fiona kyle couldn't find
julia
kyle is now starting to panic because
she can't find her daughter anywhere
finally she decided to go back to her
seat and there she found julia's teddy
bear
julia never leaves her teddy bear so
where exactly is she
stephanie helps kyle announce the loss
of a child and asks if anyone sees julia
to report it immediately
but after some time passed no one
reported seeing julia
kyle started to panic she knew that her
daughter had suddenly disappeared
and she had to find her as soon as
possible stephanie gets a call
and when she hangs up she said she
wasn't sure they would find julia on the
plane
because julia was never registered on
this plane
according to stephanie the seat that was
supposed to be occupied by julia was
listed as empty
but how is that possible kyle tried to
explain
if she was sure she had julia on the
plane but neither stephanie nor fiona is
sure to see kyle enter with her daughter
kyle also cannot show julia's boarding
pass
kyle immediately ran to the overhead
compartment above her seat
and how surprised she was when she found
julia's bag was not there
a child as small as julia couldn't
possibly open the compartment and
retrieve her bag
obviously someone kidnapped her daughter
kyle can't stay silent
knowing her daughter has been abducted
immediately she ran to the cockpit
and tried to talk to the pilot but she
is stopped by carson
who turns out to be a sky marshal
kyle finally met with captain rich but
at that time
kyle couldn't prove that she brought
julia because no one saw her get on the
plane
neither the flight attendants nor carson
who was sitting next to her
kyle can't even show julia's boarding
pass kyle began to be interrogated
whether she had drunk alcohol but kyle
said she only took some sleeping pills
everyone started to doubt kyle and
thought she was just imagining taking
julia with her on the plane
was kyle so depressed that she thought
she'd brought julia with her to america
a panicked kyle tries to pressure
captain rich into sending the entire
crew looking for her daughter
finally captain rich agreed all the
lights were turned on and
everyone was forbidden to move from
their seats all flight crew is now
starting to look for julia in all plain
corners
including toilets luggage even down to
the plane's engine
stephanie then checked the engine on the
front of the plane but she couldn't find
any sign of julia
kyle accompanied by carson tried to
search among the passengers until she
finally stopped when she saw two arab
men
kyle was sure she had seen the two men
it turned out that she saw them last
night
when they were staring at julia's room
from across her apartment
kyle was so panicked and started asking
the two men to return her daughter but
the two arab men kept debating
and convinced they had stayed at the
hilton last night
kyle couldn't hold herself back anymore
and attack the two men
a commotion broke out and created chaos
many passengers also began to suspect
the two men
because of their arabic looks carson
finally got kyle out of the way
before she messed things up even more
kyle believes julia was kidnapped
because someone wanted to hijack this
plane
especially since she knows the ins and
outs of planes
that must be the reason why she was
chosen but it turns out that captain
rich has allowed the passengers
to get out of their seats making kyle so
angry
captain rich finally explained that
julia had never been on this plane
because she had died it turns out that
her husband brought julia down
and killed both of them that's what the
head of the funeral home
said captain rich's words made kyle
confused and tossed between reality and
her imagination
kyle who was confused then ran not
wanting to give up looking for her
daughter but instead
she was knocked unconscious by one of
the arab men consciousness left her
kyle wakes up handcuffed a psychologist
tried to calm her down
between the grief of her husband who
died suddenly falling from her apartment
and now her missing daughter kyle feels
devastated and confused by everything
that happened
felt like she was going crazy and that's
when kyle looked out the window and
realized one thing
she could see the heart that julia made
with the breath from her mouth
she realized that julia had really been
kidnapped she had to find julia
kyle pretended she wanted to go to the
bathroom to be alone
but in the bathroom she just slipped
through the crack in the ceiling and ran
away
knowing the ins and outs of the plane
kyle made a mess on the plane
by changing a few plugs among hundreds
of wires the plane goes awry
the oxygen masks fell and the plane's
light suddenly went out
making all the passengers on the plane
panic in the midst of people's panic
kyle sneaked into the engine room of the
plane
kyle looked for julia everywhere and she
even destroyed a car
but julia wasn't there when kyle found
her husband's coffin and opened it she
panicked that her daughter would be in
the coffin as captain rich had alleged
but julia was not found there that's
when carson came in
and pointed a gun at kyle carson can't
let kyle run around
and mess up this flight anymore because
the safety of all passengers is at stake
but kyle believes her daughter was
kidnapped if her daughter had died
as everyone said she would have found
two coffins there
after pleading with carson carson
finally decided to talk to the pilot to
help kyle
but no one guessed what carson would do
before speaking to the pilot
turns out she went down into the engine
room and into kyle's husband's coffin
inside the coffin carson hides bombs and
he has the detonator
carson then headed towards the front of
the plane and started setting some bombs
there julia was fast asleep not
understanding what was going on
carson finally told captain rich that
kyle was hijacking the plane
and demanded a ransom of 50 million
dollars be transferred to an account
if the plane refuses then kyle will blow
up the plane
carson said kyle asked captain rich to
land the plane
and let all passengers and crew off the
plane kyle also asks for a g3
a small plane full of gas after
finishing talking to the pilot
carson met with stephanie who turned out
to be his accomplice
but stephanie looks panicked and
doubtful about all their plans
carson also assured that he had
calculated everything
moreover kyle thinks the two arabs
kidnapped her daughter then they'll both
be able to get away with the money
unnoticed
finally captain rich said they had
transferred the money and that all of
carson's plans were going according to
his expectations
instead carson tells kyle that they will
land the plane soon
and let her search for her daughter
everyone will even be interrogated
hearing this kyle was so relieved that
she would definitely find julia
finally the plane made an emergency
landing at an airport
all the passengers started to get off
the plane and leave kyle and carson in
the backseat
now it's the crew's turn to go down when
she saw captain rich
kyle immediately ran towards him of
course carson is trying to stop her
but kyle is already talking to captain
rich still hoping to find her daughter
that's when captain rich asks kyle to
stop pretending to look for her missing
daughter
because the money has been transferred
and the g3 plane has been prepared for
her to escape
his statement took kyle by surprise and
that's when carson decided to leave
he knew that all his secrets have been
exposed but just as carson was about to
take his foot off the last step
kyle shouted his name and begged him to
come back
now kyle knows that this is all a trap
and she's not going to let carson just
walk away
carson returns to the plane and
threatens if kyle tells everyone he will
suppress the detonator and kill julia at
the same time
carson and kyle finally re-enter the
plane while the pilot and crew leave the
plane
the airplane door closed before carson
could turn around
kyle swiftly beat him with a fire
extinguisher carson fell to the ground
kyle quickly handcuffs carson's hands
and grabs the detonator
but carson is not easy to knock out he
hit a gun in his socks and tried to
shoot kyle
who now dodged away the chase scene was
unavoidable until kyle hid in the
cockpit
that's where kasen begins to reveal that
kyle's husband didn't fall from the
building
but he was killed by carson they need a
coffin to carry the bomb
and obviously kyle is the perfect target
because she knows the ins and outs of
planes
and could easily be accused of being a
terrorist carson continues to block
kyle's exit until kyle outwits him
by throwing a folder at the plane's
ceiling the duped carson immediately
left
and kyle knew it was the right time for
her to get out of the cockpit
kyle tries to find julia but she is
blocked by stephanie who looks nervous
but stephanie could not do anything and
was beaten by kyle
stephanie decides to run away because
she feels carson's plans have fallen
apart
kyle went down to the engine room and
didn't expect to find julia
who was still sleeping that's when kyle
realized the two bombs carson had placed
there kyle immediately picked up julia
and carried her through a small gap the
staggering carson tries to get kyle and
julia
but he can't find them meanwhile kyle
who knew well about the plane's
condition
slipped julia and herself through a
small door
with a single tap on her detonator kyle
managed to ignite two bombs and kill
carson kyle finally managed to get her
daughter out of the doom on that plane
everyone who witnessed it was surprised
that kyle wasn't hallucinating about
losing julia
a mother who fought for everything to
get her daughter back
stephanie was finally arrested now kyle
and julia can go home peacefully back to
america
you